---
layout: post
title: Week 11 - Week 4 of Zoom and further project progression
---

##Class

  This week for class we had brief presentations as to what open source projects people were working on and why they chose the specific project. Each member briefly spoke about what the project was and how they planned to contribute towards it. We then talked more about the meaning behind open source and how it contributes to the tech world and communities. We discussed pros and cons in regards of open source and some of the politics that goes on behind the scenes. It was interesting to mention how the politics are somewhat of a big deal because when new project are starting to fizzle out, a lot of people want to branch out in all sorts of directions, however that just is not feasible because if you spread yourself out too thin nothing major will be accomplished. It will just end up with a handful of developers here and there working on their own interests and not contributing to the project as a whole. 

##Project Progression

  For our projession towards FFC(Free Code Camp) we have made 2 pull requests with one of them being approved and we are waiting on the merge. We have posted to the community about possibly creating a challenge for beginners to better dip their hands into data structures. With that being said, we are scouting other issues to work on and have threw our names out there trying to get issues assigned to us. I'm very happy with the progression we have made and am hoping to get a few more issues solved this week. I'm going sidetrack here but, I had some issues with installing the dev environment, so using that as a way to reach out into the community was a good initial step. The community overall is very friendly and are always trying to help with fast responses.
  
  Thank you for reading this weeks updates!
