---
layout: post
title: Week 11 - Week 4 of Zoom and further project progression
---

## HFOSS and Business models

  This week in class we further discussed the social good of projects created, especially in times of turmoil such as this Covid-19 pandemic. Many of us agreed that these social projects were all aimed in the same direction and the more you looked at all of them, there was not too much significant distinction amongst them. I mean that no porject was truly unique in what it was trying to accomplish, as most projects were trying to better project data and provide more accurate info to the public. 
  
  Next we talked about how people make OS a business model. Originally people were very against it, however some people turned it into a full time job and needed to make a living. So they did a lot of testing with subscription models to pay for access for how much of the code base you used. It was very challenging to figure out a fair pricing model because both companies and individual people used it, so they did not want to neccesarily charge the two the same rate. So now they charge on a mixture of size and use and it is sustainable. I think this is fair, as it would be unfair to let corporations use peoples hard work for free. 



## FCC Progression

  For our FCC progression we made another pull request. We then picked up two more issues in of which we are currently working and are almost done with. Our weekly group meeting have been going well as we discuss what we work on and ask each other for help if we get stuck. I always ask for help with git and making the pull requests because I am not too savvy with it and am afraid of merging the wrong branch. Hopefully we will have 2-3 more pull requests by this thursday. 
  
###Thank you for reading this weeks blog!!
