---
layout: post
title: Week 7 - Deciding our opensource ideas and learning more about merging/rebasing
---

## Git- Rebasing and Merging
  
  We learned about the difference between rebasing and merging branches. To be honest, the whole subject is still quite complicated and trying to figure out the difference between them. For the time being I think it is just best to stick to merging. The more I learn about git the more amazed I am, because of all the functionalities it has and how practical they are for version control. The git visualizer is definitely extremely helpful in assisting understanding how the git process works, especially when you are forking and cloning repositories from the master branch.





## Zoom Group Discussion and deciding project ideas

  For the project we have 'decided' to work on will be "Open Food Facts". During our discussion we firstly. talked about what langauges we knew, so that in order to look at potential projects, it would be something we could all actively understand and not be trying to decipher hieroglyphics. My group was not very talkative, so deciding on a topic was very frustrating because people just kept saying, "I am good with whatever". I also wanted to make sure we didn't choose too large of a project where we would be constantly jumping back and forth trying to get an issue we could actually solve. We also wanted a project where the community was welcoming and we could actually contribute. Ultimately we wanted to find a good balance between things and we landed on either My Free Code Camp and Open Food Facts. 
