---
layout: post
title: Week 7.5(8) - Spring Break and First week of Zoom
---

This was the first week we had online zoom classes. It definitely feels very different now that we have to do all of our classes online. It's a weird feeling learning everthing through a screen. Even though I study computer science and the majority of my work is done through my computer, being able to sit in class and listen to the professor speak is part of the experience. I think the biggest impact this has made in regard to our class is when we break up into smaller groups. This is because I have a sense that the class is divided into two categories of people, 1: people who already know a lot of the material or may not want to put in a lot of effort to get the work done and 2: People who are very new to this material and are seeking guidance to put in the work. It's especially challenging in small breakout room, because sometime the entire group just does not talk and expects the class exercises to get done. 

In regards to our group project we have made the final decision to work on Free Code Camp. We wanted something in of which everybody could contribute to and possibly understand. We have looked through some issues that we could work on and as well as other thing we could contribute to, aside from the code base as a supplement. Things we are considering on working on are fix existing issue, contribute to the guides(code), and create challenges for newer members to tackle. We will be meeting with Joanna this Tuesday to discuss more. I am happy to know what our group has picked something and can begin to progress forward.
