---
layout: post
title: Week 5 - Pallof 
---

In regards to learning about Open source projects in class, firstly I learned that there is a lot of research that needs to be done ahead of time before diving in. This is because before being willing to commit many hours of your own time into a project you should get a good sense of how the community is and if they see eye to eye on what you want to acheive. I think what was most challenging about picking a project is seeing how friendly the community is towards newbies, how active the community is in respoding and actually being willing to guide people, last is if the project is something you are passionate about. In general finding projects that align with all your goals can be extremely challenging however it is definitely possible. I believe that I am for the most part ready to find a project that to contribute towards.

The bloomberg talk was phenomenal and truly interesting to see what a tech persons day-day life is like at Bloomberg. I think the most interesting part was how at Bloombergs they use multiple open source projects for their projects and day to day usage on a multitude of platforms. It's quite amazing to see so many moving parts to their tech hub, and how they can all intermingle with each other in harmony. For engineers, there is truly a grand spectrum similar to open source, where each individual has their weak and strong points. Lastly, this has further my understanding of open source, going into this class I thought they might just be projects that were originally built off genuine ideas a group of people had and just worked on it for the fun of it. Never did it occur to my mind that many of these platforms would be used in the actual software industry and become extremely crucial for companies to produce results.
